\documentclass[11pt,draft,letterpaper,compsoc]{IEEEtran}
\usepackage{enumerate}
\usepackage{color}
\usepackage[dvipdf,dvips]{graphicx}
\usepackage{epstopdf}
\usepackage{subfigure}
\usepackage[cmex10]{amsmath}
\usepackage{algorithm}
\usepackage{algorithmic}
\usepackage{url}

\hyphenation{op-tical net-works semi-conduc-tor}

\begin{document}
\title{BU ECE Dept. MSc Proposal\\ CloudWatch: An Open Cloud Monitoring Environment}

\author{Qingqing~Li (U20626734) \\ (Advisor(s): Prof.~Orran~Krieger, Dr. Ata Turk)\\ [8mm]
\raggedright Student Signature:\\  Advisor Signature: \\ [8mm]}

\IEEEcompsoctitleabstractindextext{%
\begin{abstract}
A major problem in Cloud Computing is the lack of visibility for cloud
users and researchers into the performance charactistics and
utilization of the cloud software and hardware components. The opaque
nature of today’s public clouds result in developers that want to tune
their applications spending enormous time and money on reverse
engineering what is going on in the underlying cloud. In addition,
researchers are forced to innovate with limited information about the
actual demands on today’s clouds. In this project we will: 1) develop
a platform that collects and retains rich information about a cloud,
2) enhance the platform to transform and expose the information in a
way that it can be used for a range of use cases, and 3) develop a
tool that exercises the platform to provide the users of the cloud
information necessary to tune their applications. This work will be
done in the context of the Massachusetts Open Cloud (MOC), a new
public cloud project that has the central goal of enablign open cloud
research. Since the MOC is developed at BU, if this research is
successful, it will be integrated into the large-scale production
offering that we expect will be used by hundreds if not thousands of
users.  
\end{abstract}

\begin{IEEEkeywords}
    Monitoring, Cloud, MOC, Visualization.
\end{IEEEkeywords}}

% make the title area
\maketitle

\IEEEdisplaynotcompsoctitleabstractindextext

\IEEEpeerreviewmaketitle

\clearpage
 
\input{Sections/Section1-ProblemStatement.tex}
\input{Sections/Section2-PriorWork.tex}
\input{Sections/Section3-ProposedApproach.tex}
\input{Sections/Section4-Plan.tex}

\bibliographystyle{ieeetr}
\bibliography{main}

\end{document}